A chemist walks into a pharmacy and asks the pharmacist, 
“Do you have any acetylsalicylic acid?”
“You mean aspirin?” asked the pharmacist.
“That’s it! I can never remember that word.”

A physicist, a biologist, and a chemist were going to the ocean for the first time. 
The physicist saw the ocean and was fascinated by the waves. 
He said he wanted to do some research on the fluid dynamics of the waves and walked into the ocean. 
Obviously he was drowned and never returned.
The biologist said he wanted to do research on the flora and fauna inside the ocean and walked inside the ocean. 
He, too, never returned.
The chemist waited for a long time and afterwards, wrote the observation, 
“The physicist and the biologist are soluble in ocean water.”

A frog telephones the Psychic Hotline. 
His Personal Psychic Advisor tells him, 
“You are going to meet a beautiful young girl who will want to know everything about you.”
The frog is thrilled! 
“This is great! Will I meet her at a party?”
“No,” says his advisor, “in her biology class.”

A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a beer. 
The bartender replies, “For you, no charge.”

Three statisticians go hunting for deer. 
They spot one off in the distance. 
The first one shoots about a meter too high.
The second one, about a meter too low. 
The third one yells, “We got it!”

“Did you hear oxygen and magnesium got together??”
“OMg!”

Famous last words from chemists:
1) “And now the taste test…”
2) “And now shake it a bit…”
3) “In which glass was my mineral water?”
4) “This is a completely safe experimental setup.”
5) “Now you can take the protection window away…”

The doctor tells a woman that she has only six months to live. 
He advises her to marry a chemist and move to Toledo. 
The woman asks, “Will this cure my illness?”
“No,” replies the doctor, “but it will make six months seem like a very long time.”

A psychoanalyst shows a patient an inkblot and asks him what he sees. 
The patient says: “A man and woman making love.”
The psychoanalyst shows him a second inkblot, and the patient says: 
“That’s also a man and woman making love.”
The psychoanalyst says: “You are obsessed with sex.”
The patient says: “What do you mean I’m obsessed? You’re the one with all the dirty pictures.”

Q: Why can you never trust atoms?
A: They make up everything!

Q: What was the name of the first Electricity Detective?
A: Sherlock Ohms.

One tectonic plate bumped into another and said:
“Sorry, my fault.”

A biologist, an engineer, and a mathematician were observing an empty building. 
They noted two people entering the building and sometime later observed three coming out.
The biologist remarked, “Oh, they must have reproduced.”
The engineer said, “Our initial count must have been incorrect.”
The mathematician stated, “Now if one more person goes into the building, it will be completely empty.”

They have just found the gene for shyness. 
They would have found it earlier, but it was hiding behind two other genes.
